init: systemd: allow to set environment variables from file (#888)
fluent/fluent-bit-docs: administration/configuring-fluent-bit/classic-mode/variables.md

When Fluent Bit starts, the configuration reader will detect any request for `${MY_VARIABLE}` and will try to resolve its value.

> If Fluent Bit is running on systemd, environment variables are to be sourced from these files:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When Fluent Bit is running under systemd (using the official packages), environment variables can be set in the following files:
```

* `/etc/default/fluent-bit` (Debian based system)
* `/etc/sysconfig/fluent-bit` (Others)

> They are only loaded if exists.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These files are ignored if they do not exist.
```
